.home__description
A world of colonial charm that blends perfectly with its sublime 
surroundings of rolling tea plantations and emerald green forests. 
A beautifully restored bungalow, dating back to the days of the 
British empire, sits amidst the lush vegetation. Hanthana is 
recognized as one of the sri Lanka’s most picturesque regions and 
the panoramic view from our bungalow will not disappoint. This 
heritage residence is reminiscent of a by-gone era, revived to 
accommodate every whim and fancy of the discerning traveller. An 
esplanade of columns, almost Grecian in its grandeur, awaits your 
arrival along with a personal butler who will attend to you 
throughout your stay.
<br><br>
Come, experience the vivid charm of W15 Hanthana Estate and live a 
life of pampered ease on this mountain haven. Be it a week or a 
month, we welcome you in British style with a Sri Lankan smile.

.aboutus__description
Hanthana is ideally located in central Sri Lanka, just southwest 
of the island’s cultural capital, the city of Kandy. It is the 
perfect place to break the journey before exploring the rest of 
the country Since Hanthana (Kandy) is a crossroads to all other 
major cities. Hanthana’s proximity to Kandy makes it a convenient 
location from which to tour the sights and sounds of this city as 
well as other nearby attractions. You can also head towards Nuwara 
Eliya, Colombo, Dambulla, Sigiriya or the southwestern beaches 
within a matter of hours.

.accommodations__details-title | accommodations__subtitle
Bungalow Suites
Master Bungalow Suite
Stable Suites

.accommodations__description
Light and airy rooms with luxirious beds, the Bungalow Suites aim to please.
A terrace unfolds into your very own garden, a design in follow with the W15 
Hanthana concept of seamless spaces.

The signature suite at W15 Hanthana is spacious and roomy and comes with a 
large private garden and a sumptuous living area in rich hues of cream and gold.

All beautifully renovated spaces within the original stables of the W15 Hanthana. 
Each suite looks out onto the exquisite Hanthana mountain range, promising dreamy views.

.dining__description
At W15 Hanthana, mealtimes are a highly personalized affair. We serve each meal, 
from breakfast, lunch to dinner, and everything in between, with utmost attention 
to detail. Whether you yearn for authentic Sri Lankan spread or your palate craves 
a more worldly feast, our dishes are prepared with expert hands with the freshest produce. 

.facilities__description
A host of magnificent facilities are included as part of your W15 Hanthana experience. 
We adopt a holistic approach to your stay here that focuses on your mind, body, soul and spirit. 
Here at W15 Hanthana, the glorious outdoors blend seamlessly with our artfully restored bungalow 
interior – a harmony we aim to replicate in our service to you. The peaceful surroundings at W15 
Hanthana are truly soul-rejuvenating and we invite you to experience the wonder that is nature. 
We have designed our spaces to offer facilities that enhance recreation and relaxation, oneness with
 nature, and appreciation of music as well as those that promote work and play.

.facilities__img-title
Piano Room
Infinity Pool
Library

.facilities__img-details
Sitting quietly in the corner of one of our comfortable sitting areas, our beautiful 
mahogany piano waits to be played by our guests. Brush up those musical skills on our 
baby grand and let the tinkle of its notes drift over the country air. 

Our infinity pool, sunken into a white-stone terrace, overlooks a panoramic vista of breathtaking 
mountains in the distance. Its turquoise waters glistening iridescently in the Hanthana 
sunshine will beckon you to swim. 

W15 boasts a beautiful library, packed with a feast of books in a variety of genres. 
In our library, a warm glow of ambient light, spills over onto comfy cushioned chairs creating an enticing atmosphere 
for reading.